now it came to pass when men began to
multiply on the face of the earth and
daughters were born to them that the
sons of God saw the daughters of men
that they were beautiful and they took
wives for themselves of all whom they
chose and the Lord said my spirit shall
not strive with man for ever for he is
indeed flesh yet his days shall be 120
years there were giants on the earth in
those days and also afterward when the
sons of God came into the daughters of
men and they bought children to them
those were the mighty men who were of
old men of renown then the Lord saw that
the wickedness of man was great in the
earth and that every intent of the
thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually and the Lord was sorry that
he had made man on the earth and he was
grieved in his heart I will destroy man
whom I have created from the face of the
earth both man and beast creeping thing
and birds of the air for I am sorry that
I have made them
[Music]
but Noah found grace in the eyes of the
Lord this is the genealogy of Noah Noah
was a just man perfect in his
generations Noah walked with God and
Noah begat three sons Shem ham and
Japheth the earth also was corrupt
before God and the earth was filled with
violence
so God looked upon the earth and indeed
it was corrupt for all flesh had
corrupted their way on the earth and God
said to Noah the end of all flesh has
come before me for the earth is filled
with violence through them and behold I
will destroy them with the earth make
yourself an ark of gopher wood make
rules in the Ark and cover it inside and
outside with pitch and this is how you
shall make it the length of the ark
shall be 300 cubits its width 50 cubits
and its height 30 cubits you shall make
a window for the ark and you shall
finish it to a cubit from above and set
the door of the Ark in its side you
shall make it with lower second and
dicks and behold I myself am bringing
floodwaters on the earth to destroy from
under heaven all flesh in which is the
breath of life everything that is on
earth shall die but I will establish my
covenant with you and you shall go into
the ark you your sons your wife and your
sons wives with you and though every
living thing of all flesh you shall
bring two of every sort into the ark to
keep them alive with you there shall be
male and female of the birds after their
kind of animals after their kind and of
every creeping thing of the earth after
its kind two of every kind will come to
you to keep them alive and you shall
take for yourself of all food that is
eaten and you shall gather it to
yourself and it shall be food for you
and for them
[Music]
Plus see what did according to all that
God commanded him so he did
[Music]